Meeting notes from the TSC Infrastructure  held on Tuesday 22 Sep, 2020. All interested in GenevaERS development are welcome to join.

Agenda

Conference call details
Join Zoom Meeting https://zoom.us/j/94966206199
Meeting ID: 949 6620 6199

Attendance
Voting member rollcall:
[x ] Randall Ness, IBM (RN)
[ ] Jeff Horner, IBM
[x] Gillian Hannington, IBM
[x] Ian Cunningham, IBM (IC)
[x] Eugene Morrow, IBM
[x] Bob McCormack, IBM
[x] Kip Twitchell, IBM (KT)

Other Attendees
Sandy Peresie 
Minutes

Agenda Item
using Semantic Versioning

Agenda Item
FLOSS tooling for builds and Hello World sample

This meeting began as a follow on meeting from our GENEVAERS TSC meeting

Semantic Versioning

After listing the agenda, the first discussion centered on using semantic versioning and each genevaers repo to have there own major/minor/path version
and should any incompatibility arise it should be noted in a release.md file for that repo.

It follows as requested by Kip that an action item exists for bob to deploy release.md files to each repo that requires them.

For perforomance engine (a repo that is yet to be created) that assembler macro GVBEYE be used to imbed the version information.
This is currently being done for the gvblib repo with a 0.0.0 value. Will change to 1.0.0 when repo is complete.

FLOSS

Discussion centered on using GRADLE and ZOWE. Ian postulated that a Visual Studio (VS)  environment would allow developers to
operate in a productive manner from building from GIT repos and a GUI interface to z/OS. Bob indicated current status using Gradle
and Zowe CLI to deploy from GIT onto Windows and commence a build on z/OS.

One aspect discussed was community involvement on using FLOSS tooling here.  Bob and Ian would webex later to synch up on their
work with their tooling work. Ian was very complimentary on GRADLE operation inside VS

Randall aked if any IP could be salvaged from our Build Forge build projects. Bob indicated that only project steps could be used as a guide
due to the high propriety software use under the covers.

REPO relocation

Kip indicated POC repo in IBMSAFR had been scanned and asked Bob to move to the equivalent geneveers repo

Hello World

Sandy raised an issue about build and validation. Ian would like a repo for the test framework which could in theory be a HELLO WORLD
application deployable/built from Git. Some discussion followed and it was  thought some community involvement might be a good thing in ths area.
But the aspect of coverage by a hello world application  was a consideration along with what FLOSS tooling was available for GUI testing.

Source Types

Kip was worried that by deploying the SPARK POC to genevaers would skew the software source type statistics. But as the recent OMP conference
has passed  his concern may have abated.

Miscellaneous

Bob would despatch copyright templates to Ian and Eugene for their deployment



